stiilid - post-soviet rap, Experimental Hip Hop, rave, Pop Rap, Euro-Trance.


Kontserdid- DEC 21 Palladium Riga, Latvia; DEC 27 Noblessneri valukoda, Tallinn, Estonia; JUL 09 Mount Cobetas, Bilbao, Spain; AUG 19 Praia do Taboão, Paredes De Coura, Portugal.


Lapsepõlv ja haridus- Cash was born as Tomas Tammemets in Tallinn and is of mixed ethnic Estonian, Russian, Ukrainian, and Kazakh origin. He has described himself as first and foremost an Estonian, then Eastern European in his soul, and Scandinavian in a CV. Cash was raised in a one-room flat in the Kopli subdistrict of Tallinn, that was not far from a soup kitchen; Kopli is primarily a lower-class neighbourhood populated by ethnic Russians. In a 2013 interview, Cash stated he believed Kopli to be a ghetto, but that it was still a great place to live. In 2017, he compared the neighbourhood to Detroit, stating "it was all tiny, rotting wooden houses and there was always a bad smell on the street. I swear I could spot a junkie from a kilometre and tell you exactly what drug he was on."
In his youth, Cash was a graffiti artist who was often running from the police, sometimes being caught and arrested for vandalism. Cash performed "rather well" in school until age 15, when he began smoking cannabis. He has stated that his drug use led him to be "ejected" from schooling. He never graduated from secondary school, despite sitting for exams, and later took up painting and dancing in place of academics.


karjäär- In the Baltic dance scene, he is a known freestyle dancer with a very distinct style, using elements of popping, krumping and break-dancing.
In 2018, Cash released a clothing line that subversively imitates western styles with eastern elements and in-jokes.
Two of Tommy's recent singles have been released through the London record label PC Music, also home to Danny L Harle, Felicita and Hannah Diamond.
In November 2018, Cash released his second album ¥€$ to positive reviews from publications such as Clash and PAPER. The album features vocal performances from artists such as MC Bin Laden, Charli XCX, Rick Owens, and Caroline Polachek, as well as production from Danny L Harle, A. G. Cook, Amnesia Scanner, and Boys Noize.
In 2019, Cash made his "first forays" into the art world, with an exhibition at Kumu art museum in Tallinn. Collaborating with Rick Owens he exhibited his own sperm, among other artefacts.
Also in 2019, Tommy went on tour in America for the first time. He was the opener for Oliver Tree’s “Goodbye, Farewell Tour” alongside NVDES.


